Add extra documentation for nullable (#140)
disneystreaming/alloy: docs/serialisation/json.md

{ "tpe": "first", "myString": "alloy" }
{ "tpe": "second", "myInt": 42 }
```

### Null values

> By default, in Smithy a field having a value of `null` and the field being absent are not distinguished. However, this is not required by JSON semantics and APIs can treat the two differently. In order to support this, the additional trait `alloy.nullable` is provided. Annotating the member of a structure field with this indicates that explicit nulls should be preserved on both serialization and deserialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard Smithy toolset does not provide any semantics for distinguishing between a JSON field being set to `null` and the same field being absent from its carrying JSON object. However, depending on the use-case, the difference can be meaningful. In order to support such use-cases, the additional trait `alloy.nullable` is provided. Annotating the member of a structure field with this indicates that a value serialised to `null` was a conscious decision (as opposed to omitting the value altogether), and that deserialisation should retain this information.
```

For example, assuming the following smithy structure

```smithy
use alloy#nullable

structure Foo {
  @nullable
  nullable: Integer
  regular: Integer
}
```

The JSON objects

```json
{ "nullable": null, "regular": null }
{ "nullable": 4, "regular": 4 }
{}
```

> are respectively decoded as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are respectively decoded as follows in Scala (when using [smithy4s](https://disneystreaming.github.io/smithy4s/)):  
```

```scala
Foo(Some(Nullable.Null), None)
Foo(Some(Nullable.Value(4)), Some(4))
Foo(None, None)
```

> or some similar type which preserves the information that an explicit `null` was passed. These objects are in turn encoded as

Author: I struggled a little with this example, since my understanding is that the docs are also for protocol implementers and shouldn't assume a `smithy4s`-based code generation, but on the other hand the description of `nullable` makes much more sense if you see the corresponding Scala code as well. Let me know if you think this should be worded differently.

Reviewer: I'm not completely opposed to it but the tooling involved in such examples must be clarified
